in those days Hezekiah was sick and near
in those days Hezekiah was sick and near death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of Amos went to him
Amos went to him
Amos went to him thus says the Lord set your house in
thus says the Lord set your house in
thus says the Lord set your house in order for you shall die and not live
then he turned his face toward the wall
then he turned his face toward the wall and pray to the Lord
and pray to the Lord
and pray to the Lord remember now O Lord I pray oh I have
remember now O Lord I pray oh I have
remember now O Lord I pray oh I have walked before you in truth and with the
walked before you in truth and with the
walked before you in truth and with the loyal heart and have done what was good
loyal heart and have done what was good
loyal heart and have done what was good in your sight and Hezekiah wept bitterly
in your sight and Hezekiah wept bitterly
in your sight and Hezekiah wept bitterly and it happened before Isaiah had gone
and it happened before Isaiah had gone
and it happened before Isaiah had gone out into the middle court that the word
out into the middle court that the word
out into the middle court that the word of the Lord came to him return and tell
of the Lord came to him return and tell
of the Lord came to him return and tell Hezekiah the leader of my people thus
Hezekiah the leader of my people thus
Hezekiah the leader of my people thus says the Lord the God of David your
says the Lord the God of David your
says the Lord the God of David your father I have heard your prayer I have
father I have heard your prayer I have
father I have heard your prayer I have seen your tears surely I will heal on
seen your tears surely I will heal on
seen your tears surely I will heal on the third day you shall go up to the
the third day you shall go up to the
the third day you shall go up to the house of the Lord and I will add to your
house of the Lord and I will add to your
house of the Lord and I will add to your days 15 years I will deliver you and
days 15 years I will deliver you and
days 15 years I will deliver you and this city from the hand of the king of
this city from the hand of the king of
this city from the hand of the king of Assyria and I will defend this city for
Assyria and I will defend this city for
Assyria and I will defend this city for my own sake and for the sake of my
my own sake and for the sake of my
my own sake and for the sake of my servant David then Isaiah said take a
servant David then Isaiah said take a
servant David then Isaiah said take a lump of thigs
lump of thigs
lump of thigs so they took and laid it on the boil and
so they took and laid it on the boil and
so they took and laid it on the boil and he recovered and Hezekiah said to Isaiah
he recovered and Hezekiah said to Isaiah
he recovered and Hezekiah said to Isaiah what is the sign that the Lord will heal
what is the sign that the Lord will heal
what is the sign that the Lord will heal me and that I shall go up to the house
me and that I shall go up to the house
me and that I shall go up to the house of the Lord the third day this is the
of the Lord the third day this is the
of the Lord the third day this is the sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord will do the thing which he has spoken
will do the thing which he has spoken
will do the thing which he has spoken shall the shadow go forward 10 degrees
shall the shadow go forward 10 degrees
shall the shadow go forward 10 degrees or go backward ten degrees a this an
or go backward ten degrees a this an
or go backward ten degrees a this an easy thing for the shadow to go down 10
easy thing for the shadow to go down 10
easy thing for the shadow to go down 10 degrees
degrees
degrees no but let the shadow go backward ten
no but let the shadow go backward ten
no but let the shadow go backward ten degrees so Isaiah the prophet cried out
degrees so Isaiah the prophet cried out
degrees so Isaiah the prophet cried out to the Lord and he brought the shadow 10
to the Lord and he brought the shadow 10
to the Lord and he brought the shadow 10 degrees backward by which it had gone
degrees backward by which it had gone
degrees backward by which it had gone down on the sundial of Ahaz at that time
down on the sundial of Ahaz at that time
down on the sundial of Ahaz at that time biro deck ballad am the son of balidaan
biro deck ballad am the son of balidaan
biro deck ballad am the son of balidaan king of babylon sent letters and a
king of babylon sent letters and a
king of babylon sent letters and a present to Hezekiah for he heard that
present to Hezekiah for he heard that
present to Hezekiah for he heard that Hezekiah had been sick and Hezekiah was
Hezekiah had been sick and Hezekiah was
Hezekiah had been sick and Hezekiah was attentive to them and showed them all
attentive to them and showed them all
attentive to them and showed them all the house of his treasures the silver
the house of his treasures the silver
the house of his treasures the silver and gold the spices and precious
and gold the spices and precious
and gold the spices and precious ointment and all his armory all that was
ointment and all his armory all that was
ointment and all his armory all that was found among his treasures there was
found among his treasures there was
found among his treasures there was nothing in his house or in all his
nothing in his house or in all his
nothing in his house or in all his Dominion that Hezekiah did not show them
Dominion that Hezekiah did not show them
Dominion that Hezekiah did not show them then Isaiah the prophet went to King
then Isaiah the prophet went to King
then Isaiah the prophet went to King Hezekiah and said to him what did these
Hezekiah and said to him what did these
Hezekiah and said to him what did these men say and from where did they come to
men say and from where did they come to
men say and from where did they come to you they came from a far country from
you they came from a far country from
you they came from a far country from Babylon what have they seen in your
Babylon what have they seen in your
Babylon what have they seen in your house they have seen all that is in my
house they have seen all that is in my
house they have seen all that is in my house there is nothing among my
house there is nothing among my
house there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shown here the
treasures that I have not shown here the
treasures that I have not shown here the word of the Lord behold the days are
word of the Lord behold the days are
word of the Lord behold the days are coming when all that is in your house
coming when all that is in your house
coming when all that is in your house and what your fathers have accumulated
and what your fathers have accumulated
and what your fathers have accumulated until this day shall be carried to
until this day shall be carried to
until this day shall be carried to Babylon nothing shall be left says the
Babylon nothing shall be left says the
Babylon nothing shall be left says the Lord and they shall take away some of
Lord and they shall take away some of
Lord and they shall take away some of your sons who will descend from you whom
your sons who will descend from you whom
your sons who will descend from you whom you will beget and they shall be eunuchs
you will beget and they shall be eunuchs
you will beget and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon the
in the palace of the king of Babylon the
in the palace of the king of Babylon the word of the Lord which you have spoken
word of the Lord which you have spoken
word of the Lord which you have spoken is good for he said will there not be
is good for he said will there not be
is good for he said will there not be peace and truth at least in my days now
peace and truth at least in my days now
peace and truth at least in my days now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah all his
the rest of the acts of Hezekiah all his
the rest of the acts of Hezekiah all his might and how he made a pool and a
might and how he made a pool and a
might and how he made a pool and a tunnel and brought water into the city
tunnel and brought water into the city
tunnel and brought water into the city are they not written in the book of the
are they not written in the book of the
are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
chronicles of the kings of Judah
chronicles of the kings of Judah so Hezekiah rested with his father's
so Hezekiah rested with his father's
so Hezekiah rested with his father's then Manasseh his son reigned in his
then Manasseh his son reigned in his
then Manasseh his son reigned in his place